Elliptic Curves over Finite Field

field element: a positive integer that is inside a modulo operation.

- cannot have a negative field element (although integers can be negative) when doing addition modulo a prime number. 
- A “negative” number in a finite field is simply the inverse of another number, that is, a number that when summed together results in zero. 
- For example, in a finite field of modulo 11, 4 can be considered “-7” because 7 + 4 (mod 11) is 0.

But what binary operator?
- addition is multiplication
- x + x = 2x = 2 * x


Elliptic curve point addition
- still works over a finite field
-

# What ?
Addition in a finite field is homomorphic to addition among elliptic curve points (when their order is equal). 
Because of the discrete logarithm, another party can add elliptic curve points together without knowing which field elements generated those points.

If you start w/ point P and add the curve order n, you will get P back: P = nP
this implies:
    (x + y) mod curve_order == xG + yG.

x + y = 15 <==> xG + yG = 15Gno
 don't tell the verified x or y
 proof: xG, yG, 15
 give the verifier the proof

# Associativity
- point operations (add, mul) are assoc cos groups are assoc.

# Inverse
- identity: point at infinity
- py_ecc library supplies us with the neg function which will provide the inverse of a given element
As is the case with elliptic curves over real numbers, the inverse of an elliptic curve point has the same x value, but the y value is the inverse.
    # x-values are same
    assert int(point[0]) == int(neg(point)[0])
    # y values are inverse under mod p: y + y_inv = 0
    assert int(point[1]) + int(neg(point)[1]) == field_modulus

- if you point_add the inverses, you will get the identity point.
- but if you add the integer values of the y-coords, you will get the field modulus

# Every element can be generated by a generator

- This is true for any group of prime order (elliptic curves or not).
- due to Lagrange's Theorem which states that the order of a subgroup H of group G divides the order of G.
- Or put another way, primes behave how you've been taught they do. Therefore the only possible subgroups of a group of order p are the trivial group of order 1 and the group of order p, i.e. the group itself.
- This has a consequence, usually presented as a lemma of Lagrange's theorem - no element can generate a subgroup, so it must generate the full group.
- For elliptic curve groups, there is a valid proper subgroup, the trivial subgroup consisting only of the identity, in this case O.
